# Minutes of Intel-PA student meeting (16/03/2022, 15:00 - 16:00)

## Points discussed

* Jiajun 
	* finished 3d animation for intelpa and started work on using NeRF to learn human faces
	* needs an artist to make blendshapes
	* Kari mentions [new nvidia toolset](https://www.nvidia.com/en-gb/omniverse/apps/audio2face/#get-started-ov) for this / or metahumans from unity
	* Jian Zhang mentions Haibin Fu, working in facial animation, for ideas

* Kari 
	* contacted candidates for voice capture, done ethics approval etc
	* developing new model architecture
	* looking in to a potential exchange programme in Canada, in contact with an academic there who is keen on collaborating on the intelpa project

* Kavi
	* Performed pilot dataset capture session and created an edited down video of the gathered data
	* Identified [several conferences](/static/conferences/audio_conferences.md) relevant to my area of study that I would like to attend
	* Added the following functionality to the [IntelPA webapp](https://www.intelpa.herokuapp.com):
		* 2-d lip syncing to get closer to demonstrating what the final product might look like
		* Report filing system to save the output of the conversation between the patient and intelpa

* Rehman
	* using BERT currently 
	* basic chat system works, but need more work - going to use ELMO next for more accuracy
	* Kari asks if the intelPA designer could be automated - Rehman says creating a new tree would not be a problem
	* Jian Chang asks if we can smoothly transition between different topics, and if further lines of questioning could be asked (deeper questioning)

* Xiaoxiao
	* helped generate basic referral form questions	
	* met Dr. Julia Ivy to discuss research proposals
	* will contact Dr Skene to arrange another meeting

## Meeting with Tony 

* How to deploy the test system for doctors to play with? Just use a local machine and port forward 
* Ask Tony for suggestions on what kind of questions to ask after showing him the current state of the research
* Rehman is not demo ready yet, needs more time to fix the chatbot
* Jian Zhang advises showing the demo anyway, and explain the limitations to Tony 


## Housekeeping

* New deep learing servers still not usable - secure cages arriving next month
* Dr Julia Ivy is coming on board as an NLP expert
* Jian Chan suggests that the PGRs submit their research to [CASA workshop](http://www.casa2022.org/workshop1.html) by 1 May


## Action points

* Kari to arrange a meeting with Xiaoxiao and Rehman
* Xiaoxiao to contact Tony about next meeting with him  
* Richard suggests the supervisors have a meeting regarding IntelPA meeting
