**Minutes of Intel-PA group meeting (10/22/2023, 12:00 - 13:00)**

PGRs: Rehman, Kavi, Jiajun, Xiaoxiao, Huan, Eshani

Supervisors: Prof. Jian Jun Zhang, Prof. Xiaosong Yang, Prof. Jian Chang, Prof. Wen Tang

Consultant doctor: Dr. Tony Skene

Next meeting: 29/03/2023 11:00 - 12:00 (on campus)

**Discussion Points**

Using Metahuman -- Jiajun presented Metahuman + audio2face and it was suggested to
use it to improve quality of the animations.

Using ChatGPT for medical conversation generation.

The conversations generated by ChatGPT were compared with synthetic
conversations on respiratory cases created by medical students manually.
Dr. Tony stated the language for different ages could be different as
well as language for medical consultation is different from some form of
online advice. Dr. Tony said the logic of the questions are different
from real scenarios for ChatGPT scripts. Also, he stated that the flow
of conversations was not ideal for respiratory data too maybe since the
medical students are not experts yet on the subject.

Prof. Zhang asked if we could feed real data to ChatGPT to tune it and
it was discussed that we could possibly ask ChatGPT to generate similar
types of conversations or rephrase them. Jiajun pointed out that we
could not possibly feed highly sensitive data to ChatGPT.

As suggested by Prof. Wen, it was tried to generate a possible
consultation with Dr. Tony acting as a consultant and ChatGPT as the
patient. It was observed that the ChatGPT does not answer to questions
regarding personal details well.

Prof. Zhang asked to make sure that the technique works to start the
ethics process to collect data.

**Suggestions**

Prof. Zhang suggested to get ChatGPT API.

Dr.Tony said he could get conversation data which are properly focused
and logical by,

1.  Record conversations carried out by breast cancer consultant doctors
    and a nurse/actor acting as a patient (without the need of ethics).

2.  Asking consultants of the most important 5 conversations and make it
    open ended.

3.  Anonymize the real doctor-patient conversations with proper ethical
    approvals but it could take some time for the approvals.

Prof. Wen suggested to use medical records but need ethical approval to
collect data.

Prof. Zhang suggested to tune ChatGPT to generate conversations in
accordance with the decision tree.

**Action points**

Dr. Tony in the meeting scheduled on next Tuesday with his consultation
team would possibly record one conversation (as an example) over Teams.

Finding a way to direct the language generation task according to the
decision tree.

Use the examples provided by Dr. Tony to retune the conversations.
