---
layout: page
title: 2021_10_22_IntelPA_meeting
permalink: /minutes/2021_10_22_IntelPA_meeting/
---

[**<-back**](/minutes)  

# Minutes of Intel-PA group meeting (10/22/2021, 14:00 - 15:00)
next meeting: 10/28/2021 10:00 - 11:00 (on campus)


## Review minutes of previous meeting.
## Discuss the first meeting with medical doctors. 
* Prof Tamas Hickish has agreed to meet at 9am on 3 Nov

* Prepare questions for the meeting 

    * How are they(doctors) going to use the chatbot?
    
    * What function will they use?
    
    * What this chatbot missing?
    
    * Do they know any similar product?
    
    * Any existing data for diagnosis?
    
* Copyright ownership of databases and software demo

* Prepare an internal demo in next week (Intel-PA meeting - Demo rehearsal 10/28/2021 10:00 - 11:00)

## report of progress 

* Kavi: Ported the GUI to a webapp for easier distribution and switched the application's speech output to Microsoft's Azure platform. 

* Xiaoxiao: Finish collection of amboss data.

* Jiajun: Help Kavi and Xiaoxiao on their tasks.

* Ruibin: Conduct literature review on Knowledge Graph embedding.

* Kari: Prepare his major review.


## any other business 




## Todos

* Kavi: Help with any tasks related to polishing up the software before the demo on 3 Nov. 

* Xiaoxiao: Search for the copyright for all the data.

* Everyone: Think of questions to ask when we have meeting with the doctor.

